high-carb Hannah and d-man are an odd
couple and they're struggling with
infertility I have the impression that
I'm recklessly optimistic that actually
d-man would make a really good father I
want to open this video by saying that
and you guys can guess I don't watch
that much of their content they did a
memorable video recently in which hi
carp Anna pretended to have gone back to
eating meat and D man kept his cool and
stayed compassionate while totally
utterly rejecting this and being
horrified and for most of us myself
included yeah you bet I'm talking I'm
looking into Melissa's eyes right now as
I record this video she knows she knows
I break up with her if you were bashing
me I love you I love you it's curved
relationships going great and working
hard you know you know if you convert to
Islam or go back to eating meat I'll
break up with you they were about the
same low I'm sorry I I'd like to think
I'd like to think you'd break up with me
dude I don't know if you were hey by the
way I think this is the first time I've
worn a tie on camera since I did a job
interview I remember I did a couple I
did a couple of YouTube videos in the
same day I did a job interview gonna tie
on for that but uh Melissa was just
joking around that I should put a tie on
for this video given those somewhat
grave and somewhat hilarious nature of
this so guys I do not have a crush on I
Karp Anna it's not what this is about
um but they've been saying for quite
some time that they're trying to get
pregnant and d-man you know bless him
for his honesty he's come out and said
that his sperm count is actually zero so
they've had some operations they've had
some therapy and like I say they did
this one video where she ambushes him
with the surprise announcement that
she's not vegan anymore she's been
secretly do you mean and you know if you
have kids and I have kid kids will
insult you and beat you and lie to you
and do things to hurt you I mean really
that's the side that not even sitcoms
deal with that nobody
talks about and yeah when you look at it
with detachment it's cute and sometimes
in that moment when you're dealing with
it it's not so cute it's really
challenging and I got a really positive
impression of how Andy man demands name
on screen how they as a couple would
handle it now probably he would handle
it you know you know where he raising a
kid just just to give a harmless example
so a couple trips ago we went we went to
France take care of my daughter and for
the first time in her life she tried
chocolate covered banana
so it was vegan dark chocolate over a
banana and when we give her back to her
mom to her biological mother what does
she do she you know mom asked her so how
was the trip she was oh it was great
I eat chocolate-covered bananas every
day and I get this furious email from my
ex-wife sing how could you feed her
chocolate-covered bananas every day it's
like so we had custody of her for 15
days she ate chunk of bananas twice kind
of once in the middle once their ample
what does she do that was her at age
four and a half or five I forget and she
goes back to her mom and of course lies
and says she eats junk over NASA every
day why cuz she's trying to manipulate
her mom into feeding her more bananas oh
no and she had a whole story to justify
eating Chuck Hoberman and she's like no
no it's healthy as long as it's vegan
you can as long as you eat broccoli and
have a vegan diet you can chuck of
course you know like this is partly her
own original you know master plan it's
partly recycled and remixed bits and
pieces of things update told her
thinking iconic kids a lie to you kids
will literally beat you and slap you and
punch you and they can they can be mean
they can be mean to other kids they
could be they can be really means your
to their parents so those are some
positive qualities I see in those two
they look lee they've got the
forbearance to be parents I think for
both of us the main the main red flags
that they want it they want to do
homeschooling
and you know so look like speaking of
job interviews what not too long ago so
I have a background as an English
teacher and I showed up for a job that
was
just English teaching was teaching the
whole curriculum so like math science
based on Canadian school curriculum and
they gave me a test where I had to sit
and write the test or something so that
it was math is the only one I really
remember you you think it's easy you
think even grade six math is easy
because you don't use it in real life
it's not that it's inherently hard it's
just that you haven't seen that stuff
since grade six uncle it's unbelievably
awful so I don't I don't know if they've
done that I don't know maybe they made a
YouTube video of them sitting down and
looking at the school curriculum what
they'll have to do if they homeschool so
I have I'm optimist think about who they
are kind of emotionally and in their
positive I'm not optimistic at all about
the homeschooling thing I think they
should sit down with the curriculum and
maybe you know maybe go and visit some
of the local schools where they Arizona
you know it's not that bad so maybe you
got a reconsider the limits of what you
what you can and can't do it there okay
so this video is you know my not too
serious pitch cuz you know that I was
gonna say they're a young couple I don't
know if they're so different nature from
you and I whatever Melissa's 26 this is
my pitch for why you know I mean look I
mean they got a problem I got a solution
why my DNA should be considered on the
on the list for high carp Anna and
demands you know next next baby okay
look number one like I got I don't know
we're never gonna get the tab cuz cuz
look the number one issue is it's really
nine out of the 10 issues that we're
talking about the DNA here so the you
know I really think with this one kid
I've got so far I think I've got a
proven track record of really
high-quality DNA right so I mean my
daughter at about age two and three she
seemed like a genius compared to other
kids I feel like the other kids had
caught up a lot now at age at age five
and six
she's fluently bilingual in English in
French but she's bright she's cheery
obviously I can send these guys videos
or something we can we can exchange if
they get in touch with me uh I mean okay
should start at the beginning sorry
jumping all over the place there but you
know in France people are such jerks
it's
really different from American culture
well my daughter was born she was this
unbelievably beautiful unbelievably cute
baby like already on day one on day one
she looked like a fake baby she was so
cute like the the first day the first
hour at the hospital you know when
you're watching a soap opera and you
think oh it never looks like that that
looks like a fake baby that was how she
was on day one
so me and my ex-wife had this experience
again they go to the hospital doctor or
nurse would say oh wow that's such a
cute baby and we would say you must say
that to all the babies you must have all
the families here at the hospital and
every single time these are fret this is
France every single time they would say
no like no I never say that to a baby
that no I only say that if the baby is
actually cute every single time they
said that so does they had a little they
added a few extra things to you I
remember one nurse saying no when the
baby is not cute I just don't say
anything at all at song well one of the
doctors he actually got into it more
detail he said oh I see I see so many
hundred new babies a year and like
that's really like the cutest baby I've
seen in five years or something like it
was really you know she was really
outstanding in that way so she had some
advantages I'm big I'm six foot three
she was not big my daughter my daughter
took after her mother and her mother's
mother I think all three of them at the
same birth weight she was small baby but
she was kind of perfectly formed she
came into the world really cute and in
terms of her character up to age five I
really think she's been extraordinarily
kind of loving and lovable some Melissa
you'll remember this remember we're at
the beach once a lot of kids can be mean
to younger and smaller kids we were the
Beechmont
once and there was a mcgrevey couple so
the maghreb is north africa based one
area in north africa and they had a
daughter was maybe two years younger
than my daughter
so you know my daughter speaks French
and English fluently and this little
girl French was her only language but
she was not at the level of speaking
ability of my my daughter partly just
cuz she was she was younger and my
daughter didn't just go over to her and
help her and play with her and show her
how to use toys at the beach my daughter
started teaching her song
and helping her to speak it was so
lovely it was so loving and helpful a
wonderful and my daughter seemed to have
all this patience for helping this
younger kid and for you as a parent most
of what you experienced is your daughter
being impatient with you whatever just
wanting to play just want to do whatever
you want to do and you got to see her
stepping into a more of a parental role
and she doesn't have a younger sibling
up to this point she's an only child but
she kind of had had all this this
capacity you know so you know we're
optimistic we're cautiously optimistic
about my daughter that she got I mean
look I can't say all my DNA is good but
she got the curly hair DNA from me which
you know can't see it all anymore she
has the same kind of amazing mane of
hair that I had up to whatever age age
11 or something whenever I got whenever
I got sick of it you know and yeah I
mean you know apart from being smart and
cute I think you know what I would I
really value most of what my daughter is
exactly that kind of loving nature that
she's managed to retain despite in some
obvious ways having a tough upbringing
and a tough life in these these first
five years including her separation from
me and her being reunited with me now
because you know I only get to see her
twice a year it's in some ways a
long-distance relationship oh I don't
know you know if we want to fill up the
top ten I'm vegan you know the plan was
for my daughter to be vegan from birth
into some extent she was my ex-wife is
now also ex vegan so my daughter is
lacto-vegetarian but we've got to see
how that played out unless you got
anything to show it in with I mean what
well you know what are the
qualifications anyone would look for I
mean I'm a mens sana in corpore Sano but
what what are you gonna say no Latin
phrase you don't know this okay
right right so is this is the question
though
so what Melissa Melissa when you chose
me Melissa isn't arrested and haven't
came with me to I mean I guess the idea
was that you you judged my intelligence
just about watching my youtube videos
all right which is maybe a dangerous
game all right and what how do you know
I mean look is intelligence hereditary I
don't know is it inheritable you know
but then beyond that I mean how would
high-carb Hanna know that I'm
intelligent I basically come on YouTube
every day and play the fool so I don't
know you know just saying it's true it's
true it's a hard thing to just be I
guess you did you did take that stuff
new consideration before you chose me
you read my research articles you looked
at this stuff you were aware to some
extent I taught myself very difficult
languages like lotion and poly I did
have teachers with Chinese some
languages I totally taught myself so
that some of that stuff is kind of
verifiable but my point is anyone can
say that they're smart right I mean like
I even feel I can verify that my
daughter is smart to some extent but I
think it's a pretty tough call to reach
out over the internet from a totally
biased but yeah okay yeah yeah mm-hmm
but my confidence could be totally
totally miss Polly I know it's it's a
tough call right I mean what teeth teeth
no let's let's let's get into looking
good for so I have never had braces you
have right when you were kid okay I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna reject you for
that reason okay so I do manage to get
through life never wearing glasses never
in reading glasses or whatever that's a
funny thing about me before I became
vegan I actually did wear glasses pretty
short time in my life my vision was good
enough I could live without them my
vision actually kind of got better after
I started being vegan I think it was
eliminating dairy from my diet
you know I've breathed more clearly and
stuff and I now having worn glasses in
many many years so my vision is not
perfect but I'm able to live my whole
life and do everything without ever
wearing glasses both long distance and
and near my vision is good enough never
had braces never had any problems with
teeth grandmother was a dentist her
biased opinion I'd buy great teeth six
foot three yeah selling it you think so
guys us okay okay
shoe size us thirteen Triple E sometimes
worried us fourteen to be to be to be
easy yeah but look yeah
plays well with others
easy to get along with no you heard it
here first
no I don't know right it to rainy this
stuff is right now I'm not gonna get any
adsense revenue on this you know I don't
know if it's cool I'm still gonna read
with you know I'm just joking around
with you you know uh well what I had my
University grades on screen recently but
you see to me like I don't okay actually
this even relates back to my first
marriage
you really can't pick someone on the
basis of how well they can form in an
institution right like the fact that you
get high grades in university mostly
shows what a conformist you are doesn't
really show something positive about
your character that's hereditary what
okay that's true that's true and that's
a difference yeah yeah yeah that's never
seen me and you and a lot of other
people I haven't so true I got good
vegan digestion yes that's also a change
no became vegan no no no and I've been
well that's the other thing so when my
daughter was born in France they did
every single possible test for every
possible genetic disorder and there was
absolutely nothing so really like
including super super obscure you know
genetic disorders so I know I'm clean
way that I have no hereditary defects
that way yeah yeah so look I mean guys I
were half joking around here but only
half you know I think we'd all like to
believe that qualities like being vegan
are hereditary that moral qualities and
intellectual qualities are right theory
and I don't really believe that's true
for two reasons one my father was a
terrible person
like I don't see a lot of my own virtues
in my father right I don't well
Melissa's gotten it on my mother I don't
see my own virtues in my mother either
and then my father had nine kids of
those two were with my mom the rest of
the other women and you know I would
look in vain for really anything I have
in common with my father's other kids
right so when you got nine of them right
yeah but my point is you know your
belief in how hereditary or how elective
these things are like whatever it is you
think is good about yourself to what
extent did you have to go out and make
it or which what extent was even a
negative response against my father
right like I saw what was wrong with my
father or son was wrong with my mother
and decided I don't want to turn out
that way you know what I mean
or to what extent of these things here
editor if you come from a big family
with a lot of brothers and sisters it's
hard to really believe in DNA and
heredity that way but yeah I mean really
all good to say is I mean you know no
joke look Dee man and hi carp Anna in a
lot of ways they're in an
extraordinarily positive situation they
own land they own a house they're
building another house you know what the
vast majority of young couples do you
not have those advantages I didn't when
I decided to have my daughter when I
decided to have a kid my ex-wife had
just quit her job we were both
unemployed and we said okay let's buckle
down and raise the kid let's take this
unemployment as the opportunity you know
cuz she knew she wanted to quit her job
in advance and what she did you know
that's embrace the chaos right right
high-carb man right yeah yeah yep
like she is experienced in this area yep
yeah right and they seem to be living
the very rare dream of paying their way
through through YouTube revenue so yeah
well I guess that's the other ultimate
question is you know do you do you think
that being a youtuber is right what
would you want to have the DNA of
someone else who's on YouTube to
increase your offsprings chances of also
being a viable personality on YouTube
hmm hey you know what else my car pan
and I have in common you may not know
this but because it's so long ago she
and I both were trenchant critics of
durianrider and freely back in the day
she was one of the first that was one of
the first big fishers was one high carb
Hannah took on freely head-to-head and
yeah that state that was just when the
cracks were starting to emerge but she
was in Chiangmai and she she turned
again yeah yeah she was one of the
original rebels yeah against the
movement so yeah anyway hey who knows
it's long term I mean hi carp Anna
they're gonna go through a lot of
changes they have a kid it changes you
it changes you politically and I mean I
think all vegans care about ecology and
the future of the planet more than the
average person but having a kid you know
I think in some ways it can radicalize
you it can really motivate you to care
about the future of the planet
on another level and you know we all get
old I don't think high carb mana is
gonna want to do you know yoga videos
forever if she has a kid and gets into
homeschooling and this stuff you know
she and Eman they're gonna move on
they're gonna at some point they'll be
done with their home renovations and I'd
like to think that maybe having a kid is
also going to plug them in more to carry
more about ecological activism of the
future whether that's the future of the
desert just where they live or if the
nearest river or the United States as a
whole so I'd also like to I mean
they've changed so much in a couple of
years since they first came on YouTube
you know they used to just be a
weight-loss channel on this kind of
thing they also by the way it done a lot
of really brutally honest videos about
how great their sex life is so you and I
have that in common some extent it's a
smaller percentage of my youtube videos
but yeah they did
we're back in the day they didn't really
really upfront videos talking about that
what you know what work for them the
bedroom and stuff which is great
whatever you know if we can't keep it
real what's the point of being on
YouTube this is not CNN you know this is
not HBO so yeah but yeah as much as
their channels have changed if they now
go into a long-term and phase of
parenting and so on I hope that's also
gonna bring about with it
some kind of political deepening or at
least more long-term thinking you know
and I'm someone I used to I used to
always in these videos but talking about
hey let's talk about building the
movement for a lot of parents especially
if you're a parent the question is not
going to be what can I do as a movement
the question is going to be okay what
can the three or four of us do alone
what can we do not rely on anyone else
because your schedule gets crowded your
ability to cooperate with our as others
gets more and more limited as you bring
a new life into this world